+++
title = "Dynamic Distribution Network Reconfiguration Considering Travel Behaviors and Battery Degradation of Electric Vehicles (Best Paper Award)"
date = 2021-05-24T01:08:42-04:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Sina Baghali", "**Zhaomiao Guo**"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "*IISE Annual Conference*"
publication_short = ""

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "We investigate the effects of private electric vehicles (EVs) on the resilience of distribution systems after disruptions. We propose a framework of network-based multi-agent optimization problems with equilibrium constraints (N-MOPEC) to consider the decentralized decision making of stakeholders in transportation and energy systems. To solve the high-dimensional non-convex problem, we develop an efficient computational algorithm based on exact convex reformulation. Numerical studies are conducted to illustrate the effectiveness of our modeling and computational approach and to draw policy insights. The proposed modeling and computational strategies could provide a solid foundation for the future study of power system resilience with private EVs in coupled transportation and power networks."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = false

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
