+++
title = "Dynamic Distribution Network Reconfiguration Considering Travel Behaviors and Battery Degradation of Electric Vehicles"
date = 2017-06-01T01:08:42-04:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhaomiao Guo**", "Shunbo Lei", "Ying Wang", "Zhi Zhou", "Yan Zhou"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "*IEEE Power & Energy Society General Meeting*"
publication_short = ""

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Increasing remote-controlled switches (RCSs) in the distribution network enhances not only the restoration capability, but also the flexibility to cope with the uncertainties of renewable generation and variable loads through dynamic reconfiguration. However, the switching frequency remains a significant concern for system stability. In this paper, we investigate the potential benefits of reducing switching frequency by coordinating electric vehicles (EVs) with distribution network operation, considering EVs’ daily travel patterns and battery degradation cost. The problem is formulated as mixed-integer quadratic programming (MIQP). Testing our model on the IEEE 33-node test feeder, we find that EVs can potentially reduce the frequency of switching while maintaining desirable system performance. In addition, battery degradation cost, incurred by vehicle-to-grid (V2G) services, is only a small portion of the total system operational cost."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = false

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
