+++
title = "Optimization-based trip chain emulation for electrified ride-sourcing charging demand analyses"
date = 2022-05-05T00:58:05-04:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Md Rakibul Alam", "Chuang Hou", "Spencer Aeschliman", "Yan Zhou", "**Zhaomiao Guo**"]


# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "*Transportation Letters*"
publication_short = ""

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Range anxiety remains one of the key concerns for ride-sourcing drivers to adopt battery electric vehicles (BEVs). To investigate the feasibility of using BEVs for ride-sourcing services, we propose an optimization-based methodology to estimate the daily driving trip patterns of ride-sourcing vehicles based on widely available non-identifiable trip data. Furthermore, we investigate the charging needs of electrified ride-sourcing vehicles using agent-based simulation. The methodologies are illustrated through a case study in the city of Chicago. Through sensitivity analysis on driver working hours and initial charging status, we quantify the range of daily average vehicle miles traveled (VMT) per car and identify the hot spots of current public charging demand and potential unsatisfied charging demand. This study can be used to determine the priorities of future charging infrastructure investment to further mitigate range anxiety and promote adoption of electrified ride-sourcing services."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true 

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["simulation"]

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = false

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
