+++
title = "Contingency-Constrained Unit Commitment With Intervening Time for System Adjustments"
date = 2017-07-01T00:58:05-04:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhaomiao Guo**", "Richard Chen", "Neng Fan", "Jean-Paul Watson"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "*IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON POWER SYSTEMS*"
publication_short = ""

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "The N -1-1 contingency reliability criterion considers the consecutive loss of two components in a power system, with intervening time for system adjustments between the two losses. In this paper, we consider the problem of optimizing generation unit while ensuring the N -1-1 criterion. Due to the coupling of time pe- riods associated with consecutive component losses, the resulting problem yields a very large-scale mixed-integer linear optimization model. For efficient solution, we introduce a novel branch-and-cut algorithm using a temporally decomposed bilevel separation or- acle. The model and algorithm are assessed using multiple IEEE test systems, and a comprehensive analysis is performed to compare system performance across different contingency criteria. Compu- tational results demonstrate the value of considering intervening time for system adjustments in terms of total cost and system ro- bustness."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true 

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["cascading_power"]

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = false

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
