+++
title = "Impacts of Integrating Topology Reconfiguration and Vehicle-to-Grid Technologies on Distribution System Operation"
date = 2019-07-01T00:58:05-04:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhaomiao Guo**", "Zhi Zhou", "Yan Zhou"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "*IEEE Transactions on Sustainable Energy*"
publication_short = ""

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Autonomous electric vehicles (AEVs) provide unique opportunities to cope with the uncertainties of distributed energy generation in distribution networks. However, the effects are limited by both inherent radial topology and the behaviors of decentralized AEVs. In this paper, we investigate the potential benefits of dynamic distribution network reconfiguration (DDNR), taking into account AEVs' spatial-temporal availability and their charging demand. We propose a mixed integer programming model to optimally coordinate the charging/discharging of AEVs with DDNR, while satisfying AEVs' original travel plan. Numerical studies based on a test system overlaying the IEEE 33-node test feeder and Sioux Falls transportation network show that DDNR and AEV complement each other, which improves the operation of distribution system. We also conduct sensitivity analyses on inputs including renewable fluctuation and AEVs penetration level."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true 

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["interdependency"]

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = false

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
